Cole's hosting the Bears Andrew Luck
playing with plenty of new faces who saw
some reps on Saturday night some of
those new faces include Frank Gore
running back long time 49er 5-yard gain
Gore to carries for 10 yards Andre
Johnson another new face lining up at
the slot luck finds Andre Johnson in a
bubble screen for an eight-yard gain
Johnson one grab for 8 yards cult's
recently extending t-white Hilton's
contract you get reps as well second an
eighth from their own 25 Helton drops it
bounce back though
next play luck to Hilton 45 yard gain
penalty though against the Bears so two
plays later second and eight for the
Bears 12 luck looking for Hillman again
not a bad idea
helden 7-yard gain get two catches for
52 yards the next play third and one
from the 5 yard line luck size to keep
it himself good idea to five yard
touchdown left 5 9 71 yards and that
rushing touchdown meanwhile uck opposite
number Jay Cutler looking to lead the
Bears offense first intent and the
cult's 38 Cutler sees that one fall
incomplete is only incompletion of the
night color without al Shawn Jeffery and
rookie Kevin white but color using his
resources well Cutler Matt Forte 13 yard
game third and goal from the Colts 13
now Cutler scrambles and color goes to
the pylon the play is called back
because of a holding penalty missing
some key targets he did have Martellus
Bennett though Cutler
in it 20-yard gain color 8 of 9 69 yards
and the Bears would go on to win this
one final count of 23 to 11